Hello
today we tested on the Tour de France
the innocent display
for this departure m
the 6 year old son as to a particularity
it is that he embarks a scarf
that is, it is possible to watch TV on
the people
the beautiful-site theater
he is very good but are you going to have
Restaurant
in clear if the receiver tnt
% compatible 3g 3g + wifi and taste of all it's
eden recently introduced in its range
that is, we were going into technology
an amazing accessory and helsinki
in this way we're going to say we'll be right now
the different accessories
so we currently find that the installation cd
the civets
the variation in the first place
and then an academic pre-therapy is a cable that allows
unplug
the gourmet
on his television
so we'll see how it works
simply
to follow
this cable assad
and the woman
not to release images on TV
I was absent from what had been proposed
a double connection
so the release of the month of that they are
left right and the image but also via a small plug that allows
to power the brand in the device
big benefits to start working
I run I can no longer the file
on this game
on this television
here we do not bring connectivity for to walk and fed at the same time
being reached
the Lombard club
to celebrate the release t horst
that's what's special
so we will choose
christened
the format he died soon after depending on the age where we are
here we are pretty good for a pc
now to see the game on TV screen
here the video site is the only order
texas
it's possible to hear the sound at the same time it's an American movie
target the sound that comes out on the television
we will go into landscape mode
so this is the landscape mode we only found this socialist trend
francs
on the micro sd card i can not wait to play video files
the three elements
local order
the signal
to increase the volume a little
operator
ap
it is also true
of euros the mass
this is true festival
both directions as the BTP sector
so it's possible to watch TV or less
above
so it's the television that duplicate
the securities act and shipping
so here in singapore we have chains
for that the five games
this is not the same in France is the channel is free
she is in high schools taxis
extension
which allows to adjust in e
not so sure
here are several more months
current
as light as you can read
gdf suez in france
Sadly
it is not possible to plug in
the country to fire to view TV channels
There, that's it for today
you have a worry over 100 years
the output file will be available in October in France at the price of 599
euros
for her it was possible to plug in
at its origin
head of displaying a screen so here are social plans television remains a
example - projector substitutes
the trick is possible to reload by the constitution for the country the
television
and then here about it